Summary						
"Planning for configuration management activities includes controlling work products developed or modified by the project.

The work products placed under configuration management include:

Baselines represent an approved version of a work product. They are intended to provide a clear and accurate understanding of the work product for future use. Add baselines to the configuration management system as they are developed. Systematically monitor and control changes to baselines and work products using:

Configuration identification
Configuration control
Change management
Configuration auditing functions of configuration management"						Example of work products that can be placed under configuration management may include
						
						
CONFIGURATION MANAGEMENT (CM)						
INTENT						
Manage the integrity of work products using configuration identification, version control, change control, and audits.						
						
						
VALUE						
Reduces loss of work and increases the ability to deliver the correct version of the solution to the customer.						
						
LEVEL	VALUE	Agile Ceromonies / Practises	People	Technology		
LEVEL 1						
CM 1.1						
Perform version control.	Increases customer satisfaction by ensuring that the correct solutions is delivered	List the work products to be placed under version control and keep it updated.				
						
LEVEL 2						
CM 2.1						Example:
Identify items to be placed under configuration management.	Reduces risk of rework and ensures that the right version is delivered to the customer.	Assign unique identifiers to configuration items.				Identified confirguation items
		"Describe the important
characteristics for each
configuration item."				
		"Specify when each item is placed under configuration
management."				
CM 2.2						
Develop, keep updated, and use a configuration and change management system.	Reduces the cost and effort needed to control the integrity of work products and solutions.	"Describe how the items and
changes to them are
controlled, used, and
managed throughout the
solution lifecycle."				A Configuration management system:
		Establish methods to manage multiple levels of control.				
		"Provide access control to
ensure authorized access to the configuration
management system."				
		"Store and retrieve
configuration items in the configuration management system."				
		Preserve the contents of the configuration management system.				
		"Update the configuration
management system as
necessary."				
CM 2.3						
Develop or release baselines for internal use or for delivery to the customer.	Ensures the integrity of the work products.	"Obtain authorization or
approval before developing or releasing baselines of configuration items."				
		"Develop or release baselines only from configuration items
in the configuration
management system."				
		"Record the set of
configuration items contained in a baseline."				
		"Make the current set of
baselines available."				
CM 2.4						
Manage changes to the items under configuration management.	Reduces costs and schedule impacts by ensuring that only authorized changes are made.	"Initiate and record change requests.
Typically includes:

Changes to requirements
Failures and defects in work products
Needs from stakeholders, end users, and customers
Description of the impact to work products and solutions"				
		"Analyze the impact of change
requests.

Analysis should consider impacts to:
Technical and project requirements
Impact beyond the immediate project or contract
requirements
Impact on release plans
Cost
Schedule
Quality
Functionality
Commitments"				
		"Categorize and prioritize
change requests.

Typically includes:
Allowing for emergency changes
Allocating changes to future baselines"				
		"Review and get agreement
on change requests to be
addressed in the next
baseline with affected
stakeholders."				
		"Track the status of change
requests to closure."				
		"Incorporate changes in a
manner that maintains
integrity.
Examples of check-in and check-out include:
Confirming the revisions are authorized
Updating the configuration items
Maintaining versions of work products
Archiving the replaced baseline and retrieving the new
baseline
Commenting on the changes made
Assigning changes to related work products"				
CM 2.5						
Develop, keep updated, and use records describing items under configuration management.	Accurate descriptions of the configuration items and status of changes enables reduction of rework.	"Record configuration
management actions in
sufficient detail so the content and status of each configuration item is known and previous versions can be recovered."				
		"Ensure that affected
stakeholders have access to and knowledge of the
configuration status of
configuration items."				
		"Specify the differences
among previous, related, and latest versions of baselines."				
CM 2.6						
"Perform configuration audits to maintain the integrity of configuration baselines, changes, and content of
the configuration management system."	"Increases customer satisfaction and stakeholder acceptance by ensuring that the customer receives the
agreed-on and correct versions of work products and solutions."	"Assess the integrity of
baselines and generate
action items to address
identified issues.
Examples include:
Physical work product reviews verifying changes
Functional work product reviews verifying changes
Comparison of approved changes versus actual changes
made in a work product"				
		"Confirm integrity of
configuration management
records."				
		"Review the structure and
integrity of items in the
configuration management
system."				
		"Record action items and track
them to closure."				
