REQUIREMENTS DEVELOPMENT AND MANAGEMENT (RDM)		
		
Summary		
"This practice area describes three types of requirements:
1. Customer or business requirements
2. Solution requirements
3. Interface or connection requirements
Taken together, these requirements address the needs of stakeholders, including needs pertinent to
various lifecycle phases and attributes (e.g., responsiveness, security, quality). Requirements can also
include constraints.
All projects have requirements. Requirements are the basis for developing the right solutions.
Developing requirements includes:
Eliciting, analyzing, validating, and communicating customer needs, expectations, and constraints
Prioritizing customer requirements to understand what will satisfy stakeholders given resource
constraints
Developing the lifecycle requirements of the solution
Developing operational concepts and scenarios
Developing the customer functional and quality attribute requirements, including descriptions,
decompositions, and allocating requirements to functions
Developing initial solution requirements consistent with customer requirements
Customer requirements are further refined into solution and interface or connection requirements. In
addition to customer requirements, solution and interface or connection requirements are derived from
the selected design solutions.
Identify and refine requirements throughout the project. Analyze design decisions, subsequent corrective
actions, and feedback for impact on requirements. Analyses can be used to understand, define, and
select the requirements."		
"In addition, the definition may specify design constraints. Some quality attributes will emerge as
architecturally significant and drive the development of the solution architecture. Quality attributes may
address:
Solution availability
Ability to sustain and maintain
Timeliness, throughput, and responsiveness
Consistency
Security
Scalability
Analyses are iterated until there is enough detail to develop the solution or a portion of the solution.
Analysis of requirements and the operational concepts and scenarios may result in identifying more
requirements, including:
Constraints of various types
Technological limitations
Costs
Time constraints
Risks
Functionality, support, and maintenance concerns
Issues implied but not explicitly stated by the customer"		
		
INTENT		
"Elicit requirements, ensure common understanding by stakeholders, and align requirements, plans, and work
products."		
VALUE		
Ensures that customer's needs and expectations are satisfied.		
